h1. Easy Pagination Deamon

version: _v0.1.4_

* Gives you an easy pagination for ex. archives, search results, blog
* Works with every type of permalink structure
* Uses the native @get_adjacent_post()@ fn instead of the @previous_posts_link()@ layer

(Mabye) To come within the next versions: Works for comments too.

h2. Example

When inserted it displays like this: 
@[ First ] [ << ] [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ >> ] [ Last ]@
_(The @[first]/[last]/[<<]/[>>]@ only get's added if you're not on the first/last page)_

h2. How-to

Simply add @oxo_pagination()@; to your template files.

Use the @$args@ array to alter the definitions:
@$args = array( 'range'	=> 9, 'classes'	=> 'additional css classes' );@

Then just place it inside your template.
@oxo_pagination( $args );@

* You can specify an @$args['range']@ ex. @oxo_pagination( array( 'range' => 9 );@ which would display 9 links to pages, where the current one is in the middle. The default is @5@. You should always use a not even number.
* You can also specify additional classes that get added to the @<li>@ elements. This is pretty handy if you use a css framework like blueprint. Just use @oxo_pagination( array( 'classes' => 'span-1' ) );@ to add classes.

h2. Stylesheets

Modifying the css can be done with the provided stylesheet in the plugin folder.
This stylesheet currently contains all classes, but no definitions (up to you).
You can also simply copy/paste the class definitions into your themes stylesheets.

h2. Languages

It's prepared for a language file that translates "First", "Last" & the error messages, but so far you'd have to add that yourself.

h2. Changelog

* _v0.1_ first version
* _v0.1.1_ added a readme.textile file
* _v0.1.2_ renamed the template tag
* _v0.1.2.1_ minor
* _v0.1.3_ use the native @get_adjacent_post()@ fn instead of the @previous_posts_link()@ & @next_posts_link()@ alias
* _v0.1.3.1_ Bugfix: @get_adjacent_posts()@ now works without issues on object/post type list templates
* _v0.1.3.2_ Bugfix: removed debug function call. Reworked for better readability.
* _v0.1.3.3_ Extended documentation. Removed global constants & switched to class constants & variables.
* _v0.1.3.4_ Switched css classes. Added white space & comments to stylesheet. 
* _v0.1.3.5_ Renamed class & file.
* _v0.1.3.6_ Minor fixes
* _v0.1.3.7_ Renamed template tag to @oxo_pagination()@
* _v0.1.4_ Exchanged the @$range@ argument with an @(array) $args@ to allow additional classes for @<li>@ elements
